in the first year of Belshazzar king of
in the first year of Belshazzar king of babylon daniel had a dream and visions
babylon daniel had a dream and visions
babylon daniel had a dream and visions of his head while on his bed and he
of his head while on his bed and he
of his head while on his bed and he wrote down the dream telling the main
wrote down the dream telling the main
wrote down the dream telling the main facts i saw in my vision by night and
facts i saw in my vision by night and
facts i saw in my vision by night and behold the four winds of heaven was
behold the four winds of heaven was
behold the four winds of heaven was stirring up the great sea and four great
stirring up the great sea and four great
stirring up the great sea and four great beasts came up from the sea each
beasts came up from the sea each
beasts came up from the sea each different from the other the first was
different from the other the first was
different from the other the first was like a lion and had eagle's wings
like a lion and had eagle's wings
like a lion and had eagle's wings I watched how its wings were plucked off
I watched how its wings were plucked off
I watched how its wings were plucked off and it was lifted up from the earth and
and it was lifted up from the earth and
and it was lifted up from the earth and made to stand on two feet like a man and
made to stand on two feet like a man and
made to stand on two feet like a man and a man's heart was given to it and
a man's heart was given to it and
a man's heart was given to it and suddenly another beast a second like a
suddenly another beast a second like a
suddenly another beast a second like a bear
bear
bear it was raised up on one side and had
it was raised up on one side and had
it was raised up on one side and had three ribs in its mouth between its
three ribs in its mouth between its
three ribs in its mouth between its teeth and they said laughs to it arise
teeth and they said laughs to it arise
teeth and they said laughs to it arise devour much flesh after this I looked
devour much flesh after this I looked
devour much flesh after this I looked and there was a man like a leopard which
and there was a man like a leopard which
and there was a man like a leopard which had on its back four wings of a bird the
had on its back four wings of a bird the
had on its back four wings of a bird the Beast also had four heads and Dominion
Beast also had four heads and Dominion
Beast also had four heads and Dominion was given to it after this I saw in the
was given to it after this I saw in the
was given to it after this I saw in the night visions and behold a fourth beast
night visions and behold a fourth beast
night visions and behold a fourth beast dreadful and terrible exceedingly strong
dreadful and terrible exceedingly strong
dreadful and terrible exceedingly strong it had huge iron teeth it was devouring
it had huge iron teeth it was devouring
it had huge iron teeth it was devouring breaking in pieces and trampling the
breaking in pieces and trampling the
breaking in pieces and trampling the residue with its feet it was different
residue with its feet it was different
residue with its feet it was different from all the beasts that were before it
from all the beasts that were before it
from all the beasts that were before it and it had ten horns I was considering
and it had ten horns I was considering
and it had ten horns I was considering the horns and there was another horn a
the horns and there was another horn a
the horns and there was another horn a little one coming up among them before
little one coming up among them before
little one coming up among them before whom three of the first horns were
whom three of the first horns were
whom three of the first horns were plucked out by the roots and there in
plucked out by the roots and there in
plucked out by the roots and there in this horn were eyes like the eyes of a
this horn were eyes like the eyes of a
this horn were eyes like the eyes of a man and a mouth speaking pompous words I
watched till Thrones were put in place
watched till Thrones were put in place and the Ancient of Days was seated his
and the Ancient of Days was seated his
and the Ancient of Days was seated his garment was white as snow and the hair
garment was white as snow and the hair
garment was white as snow and the hair of his head was like pure wool his
of his head was like pure wool his
of his head was like pure wool his throne was a fiery flame its wheels of
throne was a fiery flame its wheels of
throne was a fiery flame its wheels of burning fire
a fiery stream issued and came forth
a fiery stream issued and came forth from before him a thousand thousands
from before him a thousand thousands
from before him a thousand thousands ministered to him ten thousand times ten
ministered to him ten thousand times ten
ministered to him ten thousand times ten thousand stood before him the court was
thousand stood before him the court was
thousand stood before him the court was seated and the books were opened
seated and the books were opened
seated and the books were opened I watched then because of the sound of
I watched then because of the sound of
I watched then because of the sound of the pompous words which the horn was
the pompous words which the horn was
the pompous words which the horn was speaking I watched till the beast was
speaking I watched till the beast was
speaking I watched till the beast was slain and its body destroyed and given
slain and its body destroyed and given
slain and its body destroyed and given to the burning flame as for the rest of
to the burning flame as for the rest of
to the burning flame as for the rest of the beasts they had the dominion taken
the beasts they had the dominion taken
the beasts they had the dominion taken away yet their lives were prolonged for
away yet their lives were prolonged for
away yet their lives were prolonged for a season and the time I was watching in
a season and the time I was watching in
a season and the time I was watching in the night visions one like the Son of
the night visions one like the Son of
the night visions one like the Son of man coming with the clouds of heaven
man coming with the clouds of heaven
man coming with the clouds of heaven he came to the Ancient of Days and they
he came to the Ancient of Days and they
he came to the Ancient of Days and they brought him near before him then to him
brought him near before him then to him
brought him near before him then to him was given Dominion and a glory and the
was given Dominion and a glory and the
was given Dominion and a glory and the kingdom that all peoples nations and
kingdom that all peoples nations and
kingdom that all peoples nations and languages should serve him his Dominion
languages should serve him his Dominion
languages should serve him his Dominion is an everlasting Dominion which shall
is an everlasting Dominion which shall
is an everlasting Dominion which shall not pass away and his kingdom the one
not pass away and his kingdom the one
not pass away and his kingdom the one which shall not be destroyed I Daniel
which shall not be destroyed I Daniel
which shall not be destroyed I Daniel was grieved in my spirit within my body
was grieved in my spirit within my body
was grieved in my spirit within my body and the visions of my head troubled me I
and the visions of my head troubled me I
and the visions of my head troubled me I came near to one of those who stood by
came near to one of those who stood by
came near to one of those who stood by and asked him the truth of all this so
and asked him the truth of all this so
and asked him the truth of all this so he told me and made known to me the
he told me and made known to me the
he told me and made known to me the interpretation of these things those
interpretation of these things those
interpretation of these things those great beasts which are four are four
great beasts which are four are four
great beasts which are four are four kings which arise out of the earth but
kings which arise out of the earth but
kings which arise out of the earth but the Saints of the Most High shall
the Saints of the Most High shall
the Saints of the Most High shall receive the kingdom and possess the
receive the kingdom and possess the
receive the kingdom and possess the kingdom forever even forever and ever
kingdom forever even forever and ever
kingdom forever even forever and ever then I wish to know the truth about the
then I wish to know the truth about the
then I wish to know the truth about the fourth beast which was different from
fourth beast which was different from
fourth beast which was different from all the others exceedingly dreadful with
all the others exceedingly dreadful with
all the others exceedingly dreadful with its teeth of iron and its nails of
its teeth of iron and its nails of
its teeth of iron and its nails of bronze which devoured broken pieces and
bronze which devoured broken pieces and
bronze which devoured broken pieces and trampled the residue with its feet and
trampled the residue with its feet and
trampled the residue with its feet and the ten horns that were on its head and
the ten horns that were on its head and
the ten horns that were on its head and the other horn which came up before
the other horn which came up before
the other horn which came up before which three fell namely that horn which
which three fell namely that horn which
which three fell namely that horn which had eyes and a mouth which spoke pompous
had eyes and a mouth which spoke pompous
had eyes and a mouth which spoke pompous words whose appearance was greater than
words whose appearance was greater than
words whose appearance was greater than his fellows I was watching and the same
his fellows I was watching and the same
his fellows I was watching and the same horn was making war against the Saints
horn was making war against the Saints
horn was making war against the Saints and prevailing against them until the
and prevailing against them until the
and prevailing against them until the Ancient of Days came
Ancient of Days came
Ancient of Days came and the judgment was made in favor of
and the judgment was made in favor of
and the judgment was made in favor of the Saints of the Most High and the time
the Saints of the Most High and the time
the Saints of the Most High and the time came for the Saints to possess the
came for the Saints to possess the
came for the Saints to possess the kingdom thus he said the fourth beast
kingdom thus he said the fourth beast
kingdom thus he said the fourth beast shall be a fourth Kingdom on earth which
shall be a fourth Kingdom on earth which
shall be a fourth Kingdom on earth which shall be different from all other
shall be different from all other
shall be different from all other kingdoms and shall devour the whole
kingdoms and shall devour the whole
kingdoms and shall devour the whole earth trample it and break it in pieces
earth trample it and break it in pieces
earth trample it and break it in pieces the ten horns are ten Kings who shall
the ten horns are ten Kings who shall
the ten horns are ten Kings who shall arise from this Kingdom and another
arise from this Kingdom and another
arise from this Kingdom and another shall rise after them he shall be
shall rise after them he shall be
shall rise after them he shall be different from the first ones and shall
different from the first ones and shall
different from the first ones and shall subdue three kings he shall speak
subdue three kings he shall speak
subdue three kings he shall speak pompous words against the Most High
pompous words against the Most High
pompous words against the Most High shall persecute the Saints of the Most
shall persecute the Saints of the Most
shall persecute the Saints of the Most High and shall intend to change times
High and shall intend to change times
High and shall intend to change times and law then the Saints shall be given
and law then the Saints shall be given
and law then the Saints shall be given into his hand for a time and times and
into his hand for a time and times and
into his hand for a time and times and half a time but the court shall be
half a time but the court shall be
half a time but the court shall be seated and they shall take away his
seated and they shall take away his
seated and they shall take away his Dominion to consume and destroy it
Dominion to consume and destroy it
Dominion to consume and destroy it forever
forever
forever then the kingdom and Dominion and the
then the kingdom and Dominion and the
then the kingdom and Dominion and the greatness of the kingdoms under the
greatness of the kingdoms under the
greatness of the kingdoms under the whole heaven shall be given to the
whole heaven shall be given to the
whole heaven shall be given to the people the Saints of the Most High
people the Saints of the Most High
people the Saints of the Most High his kingdom is an everlasting Kingdom
his kingdom is an everlasting Kingdom
his kingdom is an everlasting Kingdom and all dominions shall serve and obey
and all dominions shall serve and obey
and all dominions shall serve and obey Him this is the end of the account as
Him this is the end of the account as
Him this is the end of the account as for me Daniel my thoughts greatly
for me Daniel my thoughts greatly
for me Daniel my thoughts greatly troubled me and my countenance changed
troubled me and my countenance changed
troubled me and my countenance changed but I kept the matter in my heart
but I kept the matter in my heart
but I kept the matter in my heart [Music]